Avidity/.dev.md, before:

# Developer Notes


## Principles

- Never commit a broken build.
  - This makes rollbacks 20x harder.


<br>


## Roadmap

### Todo

### Thoughts
- Artists need albums, maybe tracks should auto-add on instantiation?
- Do playlists need to have an order? Could we use a Set instead?

### Features

#### Data
- [x] data loading
- [ ] data saving
- [ ] visual OS integration

#### Tracks
- [x] track playback
- [x] autoplay
- [ ] search tracks
- [ ] edit track details in selector

#### Playlists
- [ ] edit playlists
- [ ] play playlist
- [ ] shuffle play playlist
- [ ] playlist types

#### Artists
- [ ] edit artists

#### Quality of Life
- [-] idle optimisation
- [ ] keyboard shortcuts
- [ ] tag editor
- [ ] blur UI and other niceties


<br>


## Directory

| path                        | description |
| :-------------------------- | :---------- |
| `Assets/Application/`       | Application frontend
| `Assets/Application/Execs/` | Application managers
| `Assets/Application/Parts/` | Reusable components
| `Assets/Application/Views/` | Distinct portions of the interface – navbar, selector, etc.
|                             |
| `Assets/Modules/`           | Application backend modules
| `Assets/Modules/Core/`      | `static/` classes for frontend to interface with |
| `Assets/Modules/Bases/`     | Base classes
| `Assets/Modules/Types/`     | Data structures. These should only encapsulate data, *not* behaviour! |
| `Assets/Modules/Utils/`     | Utility
| `Assets/Modules/Internal/`  | Messy internals
| `Assets/Modules/External/`  | External modules

Commit message:

add `audio_folder` field to `Track`

Avidity/.dev.md, after:

# Developer Notes


## Principles

- Never commit a broken build.
  - This makes rollbacks 20x harder.


<br>


## Notes

### Todo

### Plans
- For shuffle play, increment track weight with time, reset to 0 on play, so tracks that haven't been played recently are more likely!

### Thoughts
- Artists need albums, maybe tracks should auto-add on instantiation?
- Do playlists need to have an order? Could we use a Set instead?


<br>


## Roadmap

### Data
- [x] data loading
- [ ] data saving
- [ ] visual OS integration

### Tracks
- [x] track playback
- [x] autoplay
- [ ] search tracks
- [ ] edit track details in selector

### Playlists
- [ ] edit playlists
- [ ] play playlist
- [ ] shuffle play playlist
- [ ] playlist types

### Artists
- [ ] edit artists

### Quality of Life
- [-] idle optimisation
- [ ] keyboard shortcuts
- [ ] tag editor
- [ ] blur UI and other niceties


<br>


## Directory

| path                        | description |
| :-------------------------- | :---------- |
| `Assets/Application/`       | Application frontend
| `Assets/Application/Execs/` | Application managers
| `Assets/Application/Parts/` | Reusable components
| `Assets/Application/Views/` | Distinct portions of the interface – navbar, selector, etc.
|                             |
| `Assets/Modules/`           | Application backend modules
| `Assets/Modules/Core/`      | `static/` classes for frontend to interface with |
| `Assets/Modules/Bases/`     | Base classes
| `Assets/Modules/Types/`     | Data structures. These should only encapsulate data, *not* behaviour! |
| `Assets/Modules/Utils/`     | Utility
| `Assets/Modules/Internal/`  | Messy internals
| `Assets/Modules/External/`  | External modules
